chore(curriculum): add responsive piano workshop (#56734)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-piano/612ec0490ae8626e9adf82e4.md

---
id: 612ec0490ae8626e9adf82e4
title: Step 29
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-29
---

# --description--

> You might have noticed the keys collapse when the browser window is smaller than `768px`. Set `overflow` to `hidden` in the first `.keys` selector, to take care of this issue. This property will hide any element that is pushed outside the set `width` value of `.keys`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may have noticed that the keys collapse when the browser window is smaller than `768px`. To address this issue, set `overflow` to `hidden` in the first `.keys` selector. This property will hide any elements that are pushed outside the defined `width` of `.keys`, preventing unwanted layout changes.
```
